# AccountBalance

A set of fields describing the balance for an account. Balance information may be cached unless the balance object was returned by `/accounts/balance/get`.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**current** | **float** | The total amount of funds in or owed by the account.  For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, a positive balance indicates the amount owed; a negative amount indicates the lender owing the account holder.  For &#x60;loan&#x60;-type accounts, the current balance is the principal remaining on the loan.  For &#x60;investment&#x60;-type accounts, the current balance is the total value of assets as presented by the institution.  Note that balance information may be cached unless the value was returned by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;, and current balance information is typically not updated intra-day. If you require realtime balance information, use the &#x60;available&#x60; balance as provided by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;. | 
**available** | **float, none_type** | The amount of funds available to be withdrawn from the account, as determined by the financial institution.  For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance typically equals the &#x60;limit&#x60; less the &#x60;current&#x60; balance, less any pending outflows plus any pending inflows.  For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance typically equals the &#x60;current&#x60; balance less any pending outflows plus any pending inflows. For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance does not include the overdraft limit.  For &#x60;investment&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance is the total cash available to withdraw as presented by the institution.  Note that not all institutions calculate the &#x60;available&#x60;  balance. In the event that &#x60;available&#x60; balance is unavailable, Plaid will return an &#x60;available&#x60; balance value of &#x60;null&#x60;.  Available balance may be cached and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date in realtime unless the value was returned by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;. | [optional] 
**limit** | **float, none_type** | For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, this represents the credit limit.  For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, this represents the pre-arranged overdraft limit, which is common for current (checking) accounts in Europe.  In North America, this field is typically only available for &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts. | [optional] 
**iso_currency_code** | **str, none_type** | The ISO-4217 currency code of the balance. Always null if &#x60;unofficial_currency_code&#x60; is non-null. | [optional] 
**unofficial_currency_code** | **str, none_type** | The unofficial currency code associated with the balance. Always null if &#x60;iso_currency_code&#x60; is non-null. Unofficial currency codes are used for currencies that do not have official ISO currency codes, such as cryptocurrencies and the currencies of certain countries.  See the [currency code schema](/docs/api/accounts#currency-code-schema) for a full listing of supported &#x60;unofficial_currency_code&#x60;s. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


