# LinkTokenCreateRequest

LinkTokenCreateRequest defines the request schema for `/link/token/create`
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**client_name** | **str** | The name of your application, as it should be displayed in Link. | 
**language** | **str** | The language that Link should be displayed in.  Supported languages are: - English (&#x60;&#39;en&#39;&#x60;) - French (&#x60;&#39;fr&#39;&#x60;) - Spanish (&#x60;&#39;es&#39;&#x60;) - Dutch (&#x60;&#39;nl&#39;&#x60;)  When using a Link customization, the language configured here must match the setting in the customization, or the customization will not be applied. | 
**country_codes** | **[str]** | Specify an array of Plaid-supported country codes using the ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code standard. Note that if you initialize with a European country code, your users will see the European consent panel during the Link flow. Supported country codes are: &#x60;US&#x60;, &#x60;CA&#x60;, &#x60;ES&#x60;, &#x60;FR&#x60;, &#x60;GB&#x60;, &#x60;IE&#x60;, &#x60;NL&#x60;. Example value: &#x60;[&#39;US&#39;, &#39;CA&#39;]&#x60;. If Link is launched with multiple country codes, only products that you are enabled for in all countries will be used by Link.  If using a Link customization, make sure the country codes in the customization match those specified in &#x60;country_codes&#x60;. If both &#x60;country_codes&#x60; and a Link customization are used, the value in &#x60;country_codes&#x60; may override the value in the customization.  If using the optional Auth features Instant Match, Same-day Micro-deposits, or Automated Micro-deposits, &#x60;country_codes&#x60; must be set to &#x60;[&#39;US&#39;]&#x60;. | 
**user** | [**LinkTokenCreateRequestUser**](LinkTokenCreateRequestUser.md) |  | 
**client_id** | **str** | Your Plaid API &#x60;client_id&#x60;. | [optional] 
**secret** | **str** | Your Plaid API &#x60;secret&#x60;. | [optional] 
**products** | **[str]** | List of Plaid product(s) you wish to use. If launching Link in update mode, should be omitted; required otherwise. Valid products are:  &#x60;transactions&#x60;, &#x60;auth&#x60;, &#x60;identity&#x60;, &#x60;assets&#x60;, &#x60;investments&#x60;, &#x60;liabilities&#x60;, &#x60;payment_initiation&#x60;, &#x60;deposit_switch&#x60;  Example: &#x60;[&#39;auth&#39;, &#39;transactions&#39;]&#x60;  &#x60;balance&#x60; is *not* a valid value, the Balance product does not require explicit initialization and will automatically be initialized when any other product is initialized. Only institutions that support *all* requested products will be shown in Link.  In Production, you will be billed for each product that you specify when initializing Link. Note that a product cannot be removed from an Item once the Item has been initialized with that product. To stop billing on an Item for subscription-based products, such as Liabilities, Investments, and Transactions, remove the Item via &#x60;/item/remove&#x60;. | [optional] 
**webhook** | **str** | The destination URL to which any webhooks should be sent. | [optional] 
**access_token** | **str** | The &#x60;access_token&#x60; associated with the Item to update, used when updating or modifying an existing &#x60;access_token&#x60;. Used when launching Link in update mode or (optionally) when initializing Link as part of the Payment Initiation (Europe) flow. | [optional] 
**link_customization_name** | **str** | The name of the Link customization from the Plaid Dashboard to be applied to Link. If not specified, the &#x60;default&#x60; customization will be used. When using a Link customization, the language in the customization must match the language selected via the &#x60;language&#x60; parameter, and the countries in the customization should match the country codes selected via &#x60;country_codes&#x60;. | [optional] 
**redirect_uri** | **str** | A URI indicating the destination where a user should be forwarded after completing the Link flow; used to support OAuth authentication flows when launching Link in the browser or via a webview. The &#x60;redirect_uri&#x60; should not contain any query parameters. If &#x60;android_package_name&#x60; is specified, this field should be left blank. Any redirect URI specified here must also be added under the \&quot;Allowed redirect URIs\&quot; configuration on the [developer dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/api). In non-Sandbox (Production and Development) environments, the &#x60;redirect_uri&#x60; must begin with https. | [optional] 
**android_package_name** | **str** | The name of your app&#39;s Android package. Required if using the &#x60;link_token&#x60; to initialize Link on Android. When creating a &#x60;link_token&#x60; for initializing Link on other platforms, this field must be left blank. Any package name specified here must also be added to the Allowed Android package names setting on the [developer dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/api).  | [optional] 
**account_filters** | [**LinkTokenAccountFilters**](LinkTokenAccountFilters.md) |  | [optional] 
**institution_id** | **str** | Used for certain legacy use cases | [optional] 
**payment_initiation** | [**LinkTokenCreateRequestPaymentInitiation**](LinkTokenCreateRequestPaymentInitiation.md) |  | [optional] 
**deposit_switch** | [**LinkTokenCreateRequestDepositSwitch**](LinkTokenCreateRequestDepositSwitch.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


